docs/guides/admin/docs/workflowoperationhandlers/index.md, before:

# Workflow Operation Handler

## Introduction

Workflows are the central element to define how a media package is being processed by the Opencast services. Their
definitions consist of a list of workflow operations, which basically map a piece of configuration to Opencast code:

    <definition xmlns="http://workflow.opencastproject.org">
        ....
        <operation
          id="tag"
          <configurations>
            <configuration key="source-flavors">presentation/trimmed</configuration>
            <configuration key="target-flavor">presentation/tagged</configuration>
          </configurations>
       </operation>
       ...
    </definition>

##Default Workflow Operations

The following table contains the workflow operations that are available in an out-of-the-box Opencast installation:

|Operation Handler   |Description                              |Details|
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
|analyze-audio       |Analyze first audio stream                                     |[Documentation](analyzeaudio-woh.md)|
|analyze-tracks      |Analyze tracks in media package                                |[Documentation](analyze-tracks-woh.md)|
|asset-delete        |Deletes the current mediapackage from the Archive              |[Documentation](asset-delete-woh.md)|
|attach-watson-transcription|Attaches automated transcripts to mediapackage|[Documentation](attach-watson-transcription-woh.md)|
|cleanup             |Cleanup the working file repository                            |[Documentation](cleanup-woh.md)|
|comment             |Add, resolve or delete a comment                               |[Documentation](comment-woh.md)|
|compose             |Encode media files using FFmpeg                                |[Documentation](compose-woh.md)|
|composite           |Compose two videos on one canvas.                              |[Documentation](composite-woh.md)|
|concat              |Concatenate multiple video tracks into one video track         |[Documentation](concat-woh.md)|
|configure-by-dcterm |Set workflow parameter if dublincore term matches value        |[Documentation](configure-by-dcterm-woh.md)|
|copy                |Copy media package elements to target directory                |[Documentation](copy-woh.md)|
|cover-image         |Generate a cover-image containing metadata                     |[Documentation](coverimage-woh.md)|
|defaults            |Applies default workflow configuration values                  |[Documentation](defaults-woh.md)|
|editor              |Waiting for user to review, then cut video based on edit-list  |[Documentation](editor-woh.md)|
|encode              |Encode media files to differents formats in parallel           |[Documentation](encode-woh.md)|
|error-resolution    |Internal operation to pause a workflow in error                |[Documentation](error-resolution-woh.md)|
|execute-many        |Execute a command for each matching element in a MediaPackage  |[Documentation](execute-many-woh.md)
|execute-once        |Execute a command for a MediaPackage                           |[Documentation](execute-once-woh.md)
|export-wf-properties|Export workflow properties                                     |[Documentation](export-wf-properties-woh.md)|
|extract-text        |Extracting text from presentation segments                     |[Documentation](extracttext-woh.md)|
|failing             |Operations that always fails                                   |[Documentation](failing-woh.md)|
|http-notify         |Notifies an HTTP endpoint about the process of the workflow    |[Documentation](httpnotify-woh.md)|
|image               |Extract images from a video using FFmpeg                       |[Documentation](image-woh.md)|
|image-to-video      |Create a video track from a source image                       |[Documentation](imagetovideo-woh.md)|
|import-wf-properties|Import workflow properties                                     |[Documentation](import-wf-properties-woh.md)|
|incident            |Testing incidents on a dummy job                               |[Documentation](incident-woh.md)|
|include             |Include workflow definition in current workflow                |[Documentation](include-woh.md)|
|ingest-download     |Download files from external URL for ingest                    |[Documentation](ingestdownload-woh.md)|
|inspect             |Inspect the media (check if it is valid)                       |[Documentation](inspect-woh.md)|
|normalize-audio     |Normalize first audio stream                                   |[Documentation](normalizeaudio-woh.md)|
|partial-import      |Import partial tracks and process according to a SMIL document |[Documentation](partial-import-woh.md)|
|post-mediapackage   |Send mediapackage to remote service                            |[Documentation](postmediapackage-woh.md)|
|prepare-av          |Preparing audio and video work versions                        |[Documentation](prepareav-woh.md)|
|probe-resolution    |Set workflow instance variables based on video resolution      |[Documentation](probe-resolution-woh.md)|
|publish-aws         |Distribute and publish media to Amazon S3 and Cloudfront       |[Documentation](publishaws-woh.md)|
|publish-configure   |Distribute and publish media to the configured publication     |[Documentation](publishconfigure-woh.md)|
|publish-engage      |Distribute and publish media to the engage player              |[Documentation](publishengage-woh.md)|
|publish-oaipmh      |Distribute and publish media to a OAI-PMH repository           |[Documentation](publish-oaipmh-woh.md)|
|republish-oaipmh    |Update media in a OAI-PMH repository                           |[Documentation](republish-oaipmh-woh.md)|
|retract-aws         |Retracts media from AWS S3 and Cloudfront publication          |[Documentation](retract-aws-woh.md)|
|retract-configure   |Retracts media from configured publication                     |[Documentation](retractconfigure-woh.md)|
|retract-engage      |Retracts media from Opencast Media Module publication          |[Documentation](retract-engage-woh.md)|
|retract-oaipmh      |Retracts media from a OAI-PMH repository                       |[Documentation](retract-oaipmh-woh.md)
|segment-video       |Extracting segments from presentation                          |[Documentation](segmentvideo-woh.md)|
|segmentpreviews     |Extract segment images from a video using FFmpeg               |[Documentation](segmentpreviews-woh.md)|
|send-email          |Sends email notifications at any part of a workflow            |[Documentation](send-email-woh.md)|
|series              |Apply series to the mediapackage                               |[Documentation](series-woh.md)|
|silence             |Silence detection on audio of the mediapackage                 |[Documentation](silence-woh.md)|
|snapshot            |Archive the current state of the mediapackage                  |[Documentation](snapshot-woh.md)|
|start-watson-transcription|Starts automated transcription provided by IBM Watson    |[Documentation](start-watson-transcription-woh.md)|
|tag                 |Modify the tag sets of media package elements                  |[Documentation](tag-woh.md)|
|tag-by-dcterm       |Modify the tags if dublincore term matches value               |[Documentation](tag-by-dcterm-woh.md)|
|theme               |Make settings of themes available to processing                |[Documentation](theme-woh.md)|
|timelinepreviews    |Create a preview image stream from a given video track         |[Documentation](timelinepreviews-woh.md)|
|waveform            |Create a waveform image of the audio of the mediapackage       |[Documentation](waveform-woh.md)|
|zip                 |Create zipped archive of the current state of the mediapackage |[Documentation](zip-woh.md)|

Commit message:

MH-12613 New WorkflowOperationHandler 'create-event'
This patch adds a new WOH to create new events from an existing one.
This is useful when you have a recording with - let's  say 3 - different
presentations and you want to create 3 events where each event only
includes one presentation. With this WOH, you would copy the original
event 2 times and cut each of the 3 events differently to only include
one presentation, each.

It would be nice to have this functionality in the video editor, but as
a first approach, this WOH is a good trade-off between effort and
usability. Also, this WOH is useful for creating test data.

This WOH also provides the possibility to select the media package
elements to be copied by tags and flavors. Tags can be changed for the
newly created media package elements using a "+" and "-" syntax.

docs/guides/admin/docs/workflowoperationhandlers/index.md, after:

# Workflow Operation Handler

## Introduction

Workflows are the central element to define how a media package is being processed by the Opencast services. Their
definitions consist of a list of workflow operations, which basically map a piece of configuration to Opencast code:

    <definition xmlns="http://workflow.opencastproject.org">
        ....
        <operation
          id="tag"
          <configurations>
            <configuration key="source-flavors">presentation/trimmed</configuration>
            <configuration key="target-flavor">presentation/tagged</configuration>
          </configurations>
       </operation>
       ...
    </definition>

##Default Workflow Operations

The following table contains the workflow operations that are available in an out-of-the-box Opencast installation:

|Operation Handler   |Description                              |Details|
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
|analyze-audio       |Analyze first audio stream                                     |[Documentation](analyzeaudio-woh.md)|
|analyze-tracks      |Analyze tracks in media package                                |[Documentation](analyze-tracks-woh.md)|
|asset-delete        |Deletes the current mediapackage from the Archive              |[Documentation](asset-delete-woh.md)|
|attach-watson-transcription|Attaches automated transcripts to mediapackage|[Documentation](attach-watson-transcription-woh.md)|
|cleanup             |Cleanup the working file repository                            |[Documentation](cleanup-woh.md)|
|comment             |Add, resolve or delete a comment                               |[Documentation](comment-woh.md)|
|compose             |Encode media files using FFmpeg                                |[Documentation](compose-woh.md)|
|composite           |Compose two videos on one canvas.                              |[Documentation](composite-woh.md)|
|concat              |Concatenate multiple video tracks into one video track         |[Documentation](concat-woh.md)|
|configure-by-dcterm |Set workflow parameter if dublincore term matches value        |[Documentation](configure-by-dcterm-woh.md)|
|copy                |Copy media package elements to target directory                |[Documentation](copy-woh.md)|
|cover-image         |Generate a cover-image containing metadata                     |[Documentation](coverimage-woh.md)|
|create-event        |Create an event by cloning an existing one                     |[Documentation](create-event-woh.md)|
|defaults            |Applies default workflow configuration values                  |[Documentation](defaults-woh.md)|
|editor              |Waiting for user to review, then cut video based on edit-list  |[Documentation](editor-woh.md)|
|encode              |Encode media files to differents formats in parallel           |[Documentation](encode-woh.md)|
|error-resolution    |Internal operation to pause a workflow in error                |[Documentation](error-resolution-woh.md)|
|execute-many        |Execute a command for each matching element in a MediaPackage  |[Documentation](execute-many-woh.md)
|execute-once        |Execute a command for a MediaPackage                           |[Documentation](execute-once-woh.md)
|export-wf-properties|Export workflow properties                                     |[Documentation](export-wf-properties-woh.md)|
|extract-text        |Extracting text from presentation segments                     |[Documentation](extracttext-woh.md)|
|failing             |Operations that always fails                                   |[Documentation](failing-woh.md)|
|http-notify         |Notifies an HTTP endpoint about the process of the workflow    |[Documentation](httpnotify-woh.md)|
|image               |Extract images from a video using FFmpeg                       |[Documentation](image-woh.md)|
|image-to-video      |Create a video track from a source image                       |[Documentation](imagetovideo-woh.md)|
|import-wf-properties|Import workflow properties                                     |[Documentation](import-wf-properties-woh.md)|
|incident            |Testing incidents on a dummy job                               |[Documentation](incident-woh.md)|
|include             |Include workflow definition in current workflow                |[Documentation](include-woh.md)|
|ingest-download     |Download files from external URL for ingest                    |[Documentation](ingestdownload-woh.md)|
|inspect             |Inspect the media (check if it is valid)                       |[Documentation](inspect-woh.md)|
|normalize-audio     |Normalize first audio stream                                   |[Documentation](normalizeaudio-woh.md)|
|partial-import      |Import partial tracks and process according to a SMIL document |[Documentation](partial-import-woh.md)|
|post-mediapackage   |Send mediapackage to remote service                            |[Documentation](postmediapackage-woh.md)|
|prepare-av          |Preparing audio and video work versions                        |[Documentation](prepareav-woh.md)|
|probe-resolution    |Set workflow instance variables based on video resolution      |[Documentation](probe-resolution-woh.md)|
|publish-aws         |Distribute and publish media to Amazon S3 and Cloudfront       |[Documentation](publishaws-woh.md)|
|publish-configure   |Distribute and publish media to the configured publication     |[Documentation](publishconfigure-woh.md)|
|publish-engage      |Distribute and publish media to the engage player              |[Documentation](publishengage-woh.md)|
|publish-oaipmh      |Distribute and publish media to a OAI-PMH repository           |[Documentation](publish-oaipmh-woh.md)|
|republish-oaipmh    |Update media in a OAI-PMH repository                           |[Documentation](republish-oaipmh-woh.md)|
|retract-aws         |Retracts media from AWS S3 and Cloudfront publication          |[Documentation](retract-aws-woh.md)|
|retract-configure   |Retracts media from configured publication                     |[Documentation](retractconfigure-woh.md)|
|retract-engage      |Retracts media from Opencast Media Module publication          |[Documentation](retract-engage-woh.md)|
|retract-oaipmh      |Retracts media from a OAI-PMH repository                       |[Documentation](retract-oaipmh-woh.md)
|segment-video       |Extracting segments from presentation                          |[Documentation](segmentvideo-woh.md)|
|segmentpreviews     |Extract segment images from a video using FFmpeg               |[Documentation](segmentpreviews-woh.md)|
|send-email          |Sends email notifications at any part of a workflow            |[Documentation](send-email-woh.md)|
|series              |Apply series to the mediapackage                               |[Documentation](series-woh.md)|
|silence             |Silence detection on audio of the mediapackage                 |[Documentation](silence-woh.md)|
|snapshot            |Archive the current state of the mediapackage                  |[Documentation](snapshot-woh.md)|
|start-watson-transcription|Starts automated transcription provided by IBM Watson    |[Documentation](start-watson-transcription-woh.md)|
|tag                 |Modify the tag sets of media package elements                  |[Documentation](tag-woh.md)|
|tag-by-dcterm       |Modify the tags if dublincore term matches value               |[Documentation](tag-by-dcterm-woh.md)|
|theme               |Make settings of themes available to processing                |[Documentation](theme-woh.md)|
|timelinepreviews    |Create a preview image stream from a given video track         |[Documentation](timelinepreviews-woh.md)|
|waveform            |Create a waveform image of the audio of the mediapackage       |[Documentation](waveform-woh.md)|
|zip                 |Create zipped archive of the current state of the mediapackage |[Documentation](zip-woh.md)|
